I die your existence
I just came to ask
because where you see everything the name of the
micro art and hip hop saint amen
I know you existed where you were
when I was sad when I let go of
dad without saying goodbye did not come to give
mom's tears and that you said that
you would come to save us from evil never
you went where you left, they did not stop
Hitler saw those people die
dependent or hitler who feels before
the corruption of pokemon and you let that
the radiation kill children between the
lobby black plague epidemic pandemic
misery in Armenian genocide an Algeria
that the herbicide ians agency where is
the miracle of what will be more in the
bible wanted to take a walk on this floor
and you will see how everything goes away from your comfortable
the sky you choose from them to drugs
as a loophole because they do not fit into their
mind then erases his memory 50 the jesus
that is by your side reach the hand a lot
waiting to be resurrected many blind
With too much faith in Jesus Christ, I'm dying
on the mountain that I 've never seen
you take us to beijing and kenwyne and we
returns will know good tamer of josiel
because you do not take michel to piñera anymore
evelyn and he returns us that way tomb already
freddie mercury in the name of the
war is justified
the fable
they justify it
with the croc with which they hit her like
a reason to keep believing in you and
is that African children for her from
suffer if your son came to convert the
water in wine is to turn the bullets
in water in janis food on earth
promised is where more lives are lost
every corner john suicidal without fear of
death religions of lies that the
Vatican defends and cures that come with
anger the children of the believers I am not
who to judge I just came to ask
If one day you are going to go down abandoned ones
take your son on the cross as when
You released Barabbas and a Jesus in freedom
and if we were made to graves and likeness
then because we fix the
differences with killings were
the commandments that you wrote with your
hands and millions that were paid in the
human rights misfortune on the planet
fight machine gun a lot of shit look for the
perfect silhouette in asses and tits is the
goal of television is your devil
aesthetic superficial interest with
anorexic hearts diego knows well of
what I speak as you want you to believe and you
you carry what we love the most, it is clear that
I study life for my sins but I
would prefer to see to have dominated the
Father's name
the war is justified
under the banner under the justification
with the crown
with which we go with hit her up